Got a minute?
I know you're aware
that I don't,
since another murder victim
just showed up
with a frozen heart missing
from his chest.
But I am willing to listen
to your questions and thoughts,
so next time please just start
with those to be efficient.
That was a lot of words
for someone trying
to be efficient.
Have you talked
to Temperance Hudson
about Jake Cazine's death?
She should be
a person of interest.
She isn't. She has an alibi
for the time of death:
coffee with me this morning.
She ordered a croissant.
Ah, let me guess.
She engineered some
seemingly casual run-in with you
because she needed something.
If by "organized," you mean
she, uh, invited me, well, yes.
We're both new in town.
I was supposed
to have Sunday off. But...
didn't strike me as suspicious.
Why do you suggest her
as a person of interest?
She lives
in a questionable house
where questionable things
have happened.
Okay, by that logic,
I should interview her house.
Appreciate you coming in.
Do you?
I thought
you'd been avoiding me.
Why would I do that?
Sometimes people
feel awkward
when they've narrowly
avoided death together,
especially when they've saved
each other's lives.
I don't feel awkward.
It is good to see you.
Unfortunately, I am busy.
Trying to catch
the other Frozen Hearts Killer.
So, it looks like a copycat.
What was Trott's reaction
when you told him
about Jake's murder?
Trott lawyered up.
He's not talking.
Okay, but he told me
before he was arrested
that he was a part
of something much bigger.[phone vibrating]
What if that wasn't
just serial killer chitchat?
Agent Park.
[sighs]:
Understood.
Start the process.
[sets phone on desk]
D.A.'s dropping all charges
against Trott.
What?!
Because of Jake Cazine?
She thinks the fact
that Jake was killed
while Trott was in custody
introduces
too much reasonable doubt,
and a jury
will never convict him
of last week's murders.
But I found evidence
in his house.
And-and-and what
about the murder in Alaska?
Alaska's
not my case,
and the evidence from the house
is inadmissible.
The defense argued that
the chain of custody
was violated...By me,
because I was on the premises.When the courthouse
opens tomorrow...
Trott's gonna walk.
♪
CARSON: You ready
to talk to me now?
Ready or not,
you're going to.
This is my client Asher Davies.
Have you seen him?
No.
He was supposed
to be cooperating with the D.A.
in an investigation.
Three nights ago,
he walked into a cannery
and never came out.
The same night,
you picked up Bertram Bobbsey
outside that same cannery.
What happened in there?
I don't know.
When Mr. Bobbsey
got back in my car,
he had blood on
his knuckles.
So I made him get out, and I
haven't heard from him since.
I had nothing to do with
whatever happened in there.
Except you did.
From this, an argument
can still be made
that you are connected
to whatever happened.
If Bobbsey assaulted Asher,
you will be charged
as an accessory
after the fact.
I want to hire you
as my lawyer.
I can't represent you,
because I
already represent Asher.
Go to the police.
Tell them
everything you know.
Maybe bring your father.
If I get my dad involved,
he might end up
arresting me himself.
My mom won't be able
to handle that.She's going to have to,
because sooner or later...No, no, no, no.
You don't...
you don't get it.
When my brother Grant
came through town, and we
got him back into the WITSEC,
I wanted to tell
her what happened,
but my dad wants to keep her
on a need-to-know basis
about everything,
because she worries,
and she does have
a heart thing...Ace. Hey.
You are connected
to whatever happened.
So you can either do nothing
and make things worse
for yourself
and for everyone
who loves you...
or you
can start making things right.
[sighs]:
Oh, my God.
ACE:
Mr. Bobbsey asked me
for some help with deliveries.
Why is this in
an evidence bag?
That was confiscated
from an associate
of Bobbsey's.
The D.A. thinks
that the gift tags
contain coded messages
with times and places
for transactions of some kind,
possibly drug deals.
Well, what if I can decode
the cipher?
And I'll find out
where the next meet is.
Well, the D.A. would look
more favorably on you
if you provide her
with information.
I can tell her
that I have a lead,
but I won't use
your name yet.
Do it.
[sighs]
[line ringing]Um, you know,
Mr. Bobbsey left one of
his chocolate boxes in my car,
so I can bring it
inside and show you.Okay.
Jean.
It's Carson.
Hey.
Uh, so, still no word
from Asher, um, but...
I was able to discover something
on the surveillance footage
from outside the cannery
the night that he disappeared.
[engine starts]It was..
Hang on.
[tires squealing]
NICK:
Hey, George.
Hope you're getting done
whatever you need to get done.
Um, little update.
Ace called in sick,
and Bess had research to do
at the Historical Society.
But, you know, good news:
very few customers.
Yeah, that is...
that is not actually good news,
but...
You know, I'll call Jesse,
see if she can come in.[door opens, bell jingles]
Uh, call me back
when you can.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
You're not here to pick up
Ace's shift, are you?
He called in sick.Ha-ha.
No, I just came to pick up some
notes from the murder board.
Oh. Okay.
[sighs heavily]
You okay?
Uh, yeah, yeah.
I mean,
kind of freaked out
there's a second murderer
at large.
That's unsettling.
But...
have you heard from George?
She said she had
an errand to run,
[chuckles]:
but she was extremely vague
about what that errand was.
That sounds like it's code
for something important,
and I would be wondering
about it, too.
[phone dings]
She's gonna tell you
when she's ready, okay?
NANCY:
Hey, I got your text.
Ace isn't here.
He called in sick.
CARSON:
Well, when you do see him,
please have him call me
right away.
I will.
Also, I heard about Jake Cazine.
Are you all right?
[sighs]:
I'm fine.
Please tell my other dad
not to worry about that, either.
Well, Ryan's not here.
He took a puddle jumper
to Boston early this morning.
He's doing some fundraising
there for Nick's youth center.
[sighs]
I know the D.A. is
dropping charges against Trott.
Which means that you're probably
trying to come up with a way
to keep him in custody somehow.
Yeah, well, people are dead.
And it's not fair
that he could just walk away
because that's how
the system works.
I know. It is
a flawed and terrible system,
but it's the only one we have.
And, uh, speaking
of the justice system
and your relationship to it...
The answer is no.
I didn't even say anything.
You were going to ask
if I could leverage my working
relationship with D.A. Rosario
to covertly help you
gain access to Trott.
I would never.
By stealing a look
at her case files or...
stealing her clearance badge.
Mm, so she does have
a clearance badge.
You know where she keeps it?
[exhales]
I'll-I'll talk to you later.
Bye.
Hey.
Hi.You feeling better?
Carson's looking
for you.Yeah, thank you.
I'll call him back.
Can you help me
solve a cipher?
It's a long story, but
I need to figure out
what the message
is in this thing.
Uh...
I'm... I'm sorry,
I cannot do that right now.
I have less than 24 hours
to make sure that Trott
stays locked up.
Speaking of,
do you think that Connor
would let us see
Jake Cazine's autopsy?
Connor made it pretty clear
that he was done
doing us favors.
Anyway, I'm not sure
that Jake's autopsy
will keep
Trott in jail.
Yeah, you're right.
He said he was a part
of something bigger.
I need
a more global approach
to the whole thing.
If only there was a way...
for me to see a bird's-eye view
of the case.
Why do I get the feeling
that's not a hypothetical?It isn't
if you have the phone number
of a 200-year-old occultist
who knows how to see
people's memories.
Maybe she'll have
some mystical way
to find a clue trail that
wouldn't otherwise be visible.
Is this the part
where you warn me
that Temperance is chaotic evil?
I'm not really
in a position
to judge
other people's gambits.
Care to join?
I wish I could, but I got
to deal with this other thing.
Just, uh,
be careful
around your mystical relatives.Aw,
what's she gonna do,
bathe in my blood again?
I'll be fine.
EDWIN: Sorry I don't have
any snacks to offer.
I thought about putting in
a vending machine at one point,
but it seemed
self-serving.
Candy equals cavities
equals business.
I try to keep
a good word of mouth
around here, you know?
Yeah.
I-Is that
how you found me?
My... dentistry practice?
I've always known
where you were.
And I know you live by yourself.
Wasn't that hard to keep track
of someone named Chen,
especially someone
whose middle name I inherited.
[exhales]
What else did your mother
tell you about me?
She said
that you...
had an epic teen romance...
that ended
about ten months after you
got her pregnant with me.
After which
we never saw you again.
So I was surprised when I
got your friend request.
If you found out
that I'm getting married
and you expect
to walk me down the aisle,
let me just tell you...I'm not expecting
anything.
I friend-buttoned you
because I recently
read something...
"Friend-buttoned" me?
[knocking]Okay, look...
[knocking continues]
I-I should...
I should probably get that.
[pounding]Yeah.
[sighs]
[door opens]
Dr. Chen,
I-I know this is your day off,
but Jonah,
he was riding his bike too fast,
there was this pothole...
JONAH [sobbing]:
It went too fast.
It's not my fault.
EDWIN:Okay, okay.
Hey, can I...
can I take a look,
and let's see what...
Yeah. Okay.
All right,
come on in.
Come on in.
Oh, there's someone
ahead of us.
I can wait.
Okay, let's go take a seat
on the chair, okay?
All right, Jonah...
[phone vibrating]
Hey, it's George.
Leave a short message.
[beep]
[door opens, bell jingles]
Oh.
Hey.
Welcome to The Claw.
Uh, coffee?
Oh, uh, he called in sick.
Hmm. Well, uh,
maybe he's at,
uh, Fred's Towing.
Strange?
I... I don't understand.
Oh.
Can I help?
I could go with you
to Fred's Towing.
Um, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I have, uh, I have time.
So much time.
TEMPERANCE:
I'm always happy to help family.
And my most
promising pupil.
I didn't expect you
to say yes.
Why? She helped you
with the hat guy-thing.
And I care about
the well-being of this town.
So, how can I help?
Well, there is a connection
between Trott and whoever
killed Jake Cazine.
Trott told me he's a part
of something much bigger,
and I need to know
what he means by that.
I'm trying to make sure that
he doesn't get out of custody
because of some
arbitrary loophole.
Let a murderer go.
How infuriating.
Nancy feels the same way.
I just was hoping that there's
some sort of ritual
that could help me see
the bigger picture,
like a bird's-eye view.
I could attempt
a modification
to the Memory Weave ritual
to see which memory had the most
emotional significance,
if you can get us access
to Trott in his cell.
That is a tall order,
but those are
Nancy's specialties.
Makes her a great
detective and waitress.
It might be doable. The
station's stretched pretty thin,
but w-we would have
to get past Agent Park.
[phone chimes]TEMPERANCE: Hi, Nelson.
I believe the other killer
broke into my home
the day of the first murders.
If you could please meet me
at Icarus Hall
to look for clues they
might have left behind.
Sent.
He is definitely
not gonna buy that.
[phone whooshes]Oh.
He just did.
And he's on his way
to Icarus Hall.
Bess, perhaps you could
intercept him when he arrives.
Absolutely.
Count me in.
NANCY:
Looks like we have
maybe three hours
to get in, get info, get out
and not get caught.
Great.
Team NaTempEss...Oh.
...assemble.
You were smart to save the
chipped piece when you found it.
This guy's good in a crisis.
You're doing good, buddy.No wonder you took a tumble.
[phone vibrating]The potholes around here
are like asteroid craters.
Hey. Uh, I was gonna
call you back. Sorry.
NICK:
I was just checking in.
I'm helping Ace's dad
with something,
so Jesse's covering at The Claw.
Cool. I'm still stuck
at the dentist.
Oh, dentist.
I didn't know
you had an appointment.Yeah.
Just... just a little plaque.
Oh, no, no, no, I didn't mean
your teeth, I just...
It's just, um, this morning
before you left,
it seemed like
you had something
on your mind.
Yeah, well, a ten-year life
expectancy will do that to you.
Listen, if it stresses you out
to think about it, then...
I'm not stressed out, okay?
I'm watching this guy work,
and I'm jealous.
EDWIN:
So good.
I wish that I had a dentist
like this growing up.
Oh.
It just feels like everyone gets
to have these dentists
who are, like, you know,
they care about how you feel
and they hold your hand
when you're scared, or...
they're, like, protective
and reliable
and-and psyched
to be your da-- dentist.
All right, I got to go.
I'll be back soon.
All right...[line clicks]
Uh, yeah, yeah.
Uh, my fiancé is
at the dentist.
[engine stalls]
So, when you said
"visit" Fred's Towing,
you meant "stake out"
Fred's Towing.
Ah. True.
Still no text from Ace.
Oh, uh, it's great.
It's great, yeah.
I mean, honestly,
I never thought
I'd be married,
um, so young.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, George is unique.
[chuckles]
Can I ask?
How did you know
your wife was the one?
I mean, what-what made you
decide to propose?
Temperance should be back
any moment.
Oh, no, that's okay,
thank you.
I'm gonna call Temperance,
we'll reschedule and, uh,
we'll get some techs out here
and examine
exactly where
the home invasion happened.
Appreciate you
showing me around, though.
But the killer is
still out there, right?
Could you maybe stay
until Temperance returns?
I'm-I'm really frightened.
Yeah, if you're not
comfortable here,
I can give you a ride
back to town.
No, you see, I said
to Temperance that we'd wait.
Please... take a seat.
[cat mewls]Ooh!
What was that?
[cat growling]Ah... [chuckles]
There's my handsome mister.
Goochie-goo.
[chuckles]
With all the killings
going on,
we've been staying
with Temperance.
So I'm just gonna
put him in another room
so he can be comfier.
[cat screeching][screams]
It's okay, it's just me.
[screams, gasps]
Wait, wait, wait.
I'm afraid your cat
is no longer alive.
Thank God.
For granting him peace.
[chuckles]
He's just been so very ill.
Do you, um...
think you could
help me bury him?
Please. I-I just bought him
a little bowtie that's still
on its way from Etsy.
[sobs]
Please don't cry.
I'll help you bury your cat.
Thank you.
I'll get a shovel.
[sighs]
Dad, if you're calling me
'cause you're using
the tracking app
on my phone again,
I am at the police station
on community liaison business.
I'm calling because
I still haven't
heard from Ace,
and his father and I
are starting to get
really worried.
He didn't call you?
He stopped by work today.
He-he mentioned something
about a crossword cipher.
Have you solved it yet?
ACE:
Can you help me solve a cipher?
I need to figure out what
the message is in this thing.
No, but I can now.
Why are you worried about Ace?
He's in way over his head
with Bertram Bobbsey.
The cipher might tell us
where he's headed.
Thank you.
[muttering]:
Two across. "Ten out of ten."
Okay, the first...
the first letter of each word?
No, last letter? No.
First letter
in reverse order...
Mm.
550 Bay View.
8:00 p.m. Sunday.
That's tonight.I don't know how
he'll get there.
Thom said Ace's car
is still in the shop.
Then look for Ryan's car.
Why would Ryan loan out his car?
Well, he wouldn't
just loan it out,
but he'd barter it
for something.
Haven't you noticed our
sparkling clean dishes
organized by size?
It's the same way
Ace does it at The Claw.
You think Ryan is outsourcing
his duties on the chore wheel?
Ryan doesn't have any cash.
So I am guessing that
he trades his car privileges
for Ace's dishwashing.
After I track down Ace,
we are going to have
a serious family discussion.
Okay, I got to go.
As much as I would love
to unpack why a grown man
needs a chore wheel
to be held accountable
for basic human
responsibilities,
we really don't
have time for that.
What is that?
Just clearing the air.
Time to break into
a serial killer's brain.
PARK [sighs]:
I am sorry about your cat.
Oh, well, why don't you,
um, say a few words?
You're stalling me,
keeping me from my office.
You want to tell me
what's going on here?
What is going on here is that
a living creature just died.
Its soul left this earth,
like all of ours will one day.
He left a mark,
and that deserves a moment
of your time.
If you can't spare
two minutes,
then that is not a job
worth having.
[sighs]
Uh, what was your cat's
name again?
Uh, Sir Gray
Rock... Wall.
Uh...
Sir Gray Rock Wall...Mm.
...you were loved, and
your memory will live on
in the hearts of those
who knew you.
May you find soft pillows
to nap on
when you cross
the Rainbow Bridge.
That was lovely.
Especially the part
about the bridge.
I heard the term
during my psych residency.
Worked with kids a lot.
We'd compare thoughts
on the great beyond.
Didn't expect you to believe
in the afterlife.
You seem a man of science.
Science doesn't always
get you the last word
in every situation.
I really do have to
head back, though.
We should gather flowers!
Shoot.
Mayday, mayday.
[phone chimes]
Oh, Agent Park is
on his way back.
I'll make this fast.
Nancy Drew.
You're here because
you can't get me
out of your head.
I'm here to learn about the
other Frozen Hearts Killer.
So that you both are
held responsible
for what you did.
Whatever this game is,
I'm not interested.
I want my lawyer.
I want my lawyer!
TEMPERANCE:
No one can hear you.
Focus your mind on the case.
NANCY:
You said you were a part
of something much bigger.
Who else are you working with?
There's Trott.
NANCY:
He's seeing himself
as a child.
What is this place?
[low growl]
That's the other
Frozen Hearts Killer.
He tried to attack me
at Icarus Hall.
But this killer's
not human.
It's a supernatural entity.
[low moan]
Hey, what is that?
TROTT:
I don't want you here.
Get out.
Trott's consciousness
is fighting us.
We don't have much time.
Wait, you're-
you're hurting him.
Ask what you need to know!
What is that thing in the cage?
Are you working together?
I'm part of something
much bigger.
Are you a friend
to this creature?
I was inspired by it.
How?
I went exploring
when I was ten.
That's when I found it.
I came back so many times
to watch it reap hearts
with an icy touch.
I tried to copy
its perfection but couldn't.
No matter how hard I tried,
I wasn't able to free it
from its cage.
What else?!
That is enough.It isn't safe here.
Temperance, come back!
We have to go. Now.
If that bonding gives
you any trouble at all,
please give me a
call right away.
Jonah, I'll see you and
your tooth again next week.
Thanks so much, Doctor.Not a problem.
Take care.
[door closes]
Do any of your
super-nice patients know
that you abandoned
a teenage mom and her baby?
[sighs sharply]
If I had stayed...
I would have been trapped
in a dead-end life.
I made the best decision
that I could for myself
at the time.
I know it was selfish.
Oh, you're damn right
it was selfish.
It screwed up my whole life.
Do you know that
I had to work
three times as hard
as anyone else
so that I could provide
for our family?
Do you know that
I looked for approval
from men who were
way older than me
because it was a way for me
to feel not so alone?
I deserved better than that.
I deserved better than
a freaking friend request
18 years too late!
I deserved a father who loved me
and thought that I was worth
taking care of.
Yes. Yes, you did.
You're an amazing person.
You don't even know me.
You don't get to say that!
I know what
I recently read.
A website full of stories
about Detective George.
[exhales sharply]
The Fan Fan website.
Of course.
Where else would
I have learned that
you're an indomitable fighter?
Detective George
never gives up
when a case gets hard.
And she faces all
of her challenges head-on.
Not many people have
that kind of willpower.
If your takeaway
from this website was
that I turned out okay
without you,
please do not pretend
like you did me a favor
by leaving.
You do not get to
sleep easier at night.
Look, I just...
I just want to tell you
that I'm sorry I hurt you.
I almost did back down... once.
A couple years ago.
We were two months behind
on rent,
and Victoria was off the grid
on a binge.
And I was trying
very, very hard
to keep things together,
but of course
one night I burnt
our microwave dinner
and the smoke alarm
went off.
And you know what?
Everyone was yelling at me.
And I thought to myself,
how is this my life?
So I packed a bag.
I packed a bag and I looked up
the bus schedules to Boston,
and I was about ready
to go, for real.
But I didn't.
I stayed.
Because I love my sisters,
and they need me.
You must think I'm a monster.
I think you're disappointing.
You only cared about yourself
at a time
when I really, really
needed a father.
But no,
I do not think that
you are a monster.
And as much as part of me wants
to stay mad at you forever,
I need that energy
for other things now.
[door opens]
♪
[bushes rustle]
Someone's watching us.
[police siren wails]Horseshoe Bay PD!
Hands where we can see them.
I got this one.
What is that?
All right, on your feet.
Hey, hands up!He's not with them.
You tip off the cops?
It wasn't him.
Asher Davies,
you're under arrest
for violation of your parole.
[indistinct radio transmission]
Something made that entity
graduate from rats to humans.
We should have stayed there
and looked for more information.
Why did you push me
out of the weave?
What didn't you want me to see?
Trott's memory was
about to collapse.
I had to act quickly, or else
we'd be trapped forever.[door opens]
Agent Park. Our wires
must have gotten crossed.
Yeah, you said to
meet at Icarus Hall.
Autocorrect is my nemesis.
How about we talk
over coffee now?
After you change
your clothes.
Yeah, your houseguest's
cat died.
She requested help
with the funeral.
Nancy?
Hmm?
What are you doing here?
Community liaison-ing.
Agent Park, Trott collapsed in
his cell; he's unresponsive.
I think it may be a stroke.
I called the paramedics.
Stay with Trott
till they arrive.
I'll check the security feed
from the holding area.
There's no cameras
by the cell.Oh, I had one installed
after Trott was
transferred here.
It'll show me what happened
right before he collapsed.
[audio static]
Oh, dear.
I'm gonna walk Temperance
to her car.
Why? Is she unwell?
We enjoy each
other's company.
You did something
to that camera.
You're welcome.
I'm dismayed you didn't think
to check for one.
Because I'm supposed
to ask Park for the station's
security layout?
You stayed behind in the weave
for almost ten seconds
without me,
and then suddenly Trott
is collapsed on the floor
with a stroke.
You did something to him.
I'm not a wizard.
I can't just
give people brain hemorrhages.
But if I did
give Trott a stroke,
would you want me
to fix him right now?
So that tomorrow morning
he could flee the country
and never be seen again?
Would the families
of his victims want that?
Part of you is glad
he was hurt.
It's all right to admit it.
I've never had much faith
in the system either.
Wouldn't it be nice
if there were a world where
people took justice
into their own hands?
I just wanted answers
from Trott.
I never wanted to hurt him.
Don't feel sorry for him.
You have to think bigger
if you're going to fulfill
your true destiny,
like my card said.
Okay, you're exaggerating.
I wanted to help Amanda, okay?
At first I was just
giving Bobbsey rides.
I guess I learned it from you.
When not sure, keep it secret.
You won't talk about
what's going on with you.
You won't... you
won't talk about,
about your life from before,
when you were a U.S. Marshal.
Yeah, but if you were just
honest with me to begin with,
I wouldn't have gone searching
for your secret son.
REBECCA:
Ace?
What do you mean,
"secret son"?
Mom, what are you doing here?
I was closing up
the library,
and the police said
we had to wait inside.
They just opened the doors.
Why did he say
you have a "secret son"?
What is he not
supposed to say?
Obviously there is.
Don't blame this on me.
Ace is right.
You're deflecting.
No, I'm not a child.
Please calm down.
Just calm down!Mom,
I'm sorry,
nobody wanted you
to find out this way, but you...
Stop talking!
I want you gone!
Tonight!
[shudders]
Oh...
You know, I just
buried a revenant cat.
Kegstand went missing after
Trott killed his owner Dustin,
and Agent Park
very nearly spotted
his name tag.
So why was Kegstand here?He was a witness
to Dustin's murder.
I needed him for a ritual
to learn more
about the killers
terrorizing Horseshoe Bay.
So you...
killed Kegstand?Kegstand was
already dead
before I reanimated him.
Okay,
so why not bring back Dustin
or Matthew
and just talk to them?Because humans require
far more energy
than small creatures.
Far more than I have.
Wait.
Is that why you've
been spending time with me?
T-To use my energy?
Bess.
I'm teaching you,
because I truly do believe that
you are destined for greatness.
But if you're uncomfortable,
we can stop.
No.
I want to keep growing.
I need to protect my friends.
Then you will.
Thanks for your hospitality,
man.
Oh, not a problem.
Let me at least cover
some groceries.
[phone vibrates]
Thank you. You didn't have to.
Hey, Ace, um...
I'm sorry about what happened
with your parents.
Thanks.
I'll figure it out,
though.
[sighs]:
Roomies. That's interesting.
Just for now, though,
until, you know,
I get a second job,
and then I'll...
find my own place.That's okay.
Nick filled me in.
Donations for the youth center.
Oh, outstanding!
Mm-hmm.
You please tell your dentist
I said thank you?
[laughs]
Mwah!Yeah.
He's actually, um...
he's actually not my dentist.
Um...
he's my biological father.
I finally went
to meet him today.
Wh-Why, um...
why did you hide that
from me?
Hide?
Nick, it was my thing to handle.
We're engaged
to be married.
Aren't we supposed to...
handle things together?
I mean, you could have told me
you were going to see your dad.
GEORGE:I wasn't ready to
tell you, okay?
I didn't want you to
try to talk me out of
it or have an opinion
on what I was doing.Oh, oh,
so-so now you don't want me
having an opinion.
No. Nick, you are completely
taking this the wrong way.
Look, today I faced down someone
that I have been avoiding
my whole life,
and it made me remember
that I am fiery and indomitable.
And on top of that,
it made me realize
that I don't want to give up
on my future.That's great,
and I'm happy to hear it.
But I wish you'd have trusted me
with all that beforehand.
It's not about
whether I trust you.
Oh, then what is it about?
Because this is
a pattern with you--
keeping secrets from me.
Just...
just please help me understand.
What is there
to understand?
Not everyone wants to talk about
their feelings all the time!
How about that?
Well, hello.
Oh, yay,
I'm not the last one
to this team meeting.
Where are you go...Just got to,
uh-- recycling.
Oh.
Oh, yeah, okay,
I'm gonna just sneak by.
Sorry. Carry on.
Happy?
We talked.
Hi.
Hey.
I'm really sorry I
couldn't help you earlier.
You had plenty
to deal with already.
How'd it go?
Trott had a stroke,
and it might have been my fault.
Nancy, I highly doubt that.
I mean, in fairness,
I think it was Temperance
that caused it,
but I was the one who brought
her there to see him, so...
You were just doing
what you thought was best.
At least, um,
I found out that
the other Frozen Hearts Killer
is a supernatural
entity.
[gasps]
Ah! I knew Temperance's ritual
would work!
Wait, I thought
that you were anti-her.
Eh. I had to improvise.
Temperance showed me
a formative moment
from Trott's childhood.
He found the same entity
that attacked me in Icarus Hall.
It was being kept
in a prison, underground,
where it would freeze
the hearts of small creatures.
Apparently,
he was inspired by its power.
It didn't seem like
he was working for it
or bringing it offerings,
and he said
that he didn't free it.
ACE:
But it's out
in the world, so...
somebody did.
BESS:
Unless it
broke free itself
and ran wild.
NANCY:
Either way,
we need to find
the entity's origin,
which means
we need to find its lair.
Huh. Solid plan.
What could possibly
go wrong?
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
[woman screams, bell dings]
[pencil scribbling]